[Kubernetes secret provider] Update documentation regarding the configuration (#782)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/configuration/providers/kubernetes_secrets-provider.asciidoc

Provides access to the Kubernetes Secrets API.

> Use the format `${kubernetes_secrets.default.somesecret.value}` to reference a Kubernetes Secrets variable, where `default` is the namespace of the Secret, `somesecret` is the name of the Secret and `value` is the field of the Secret to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the format `${kubernetes_secrets.<default>.<somesecret>.<value>}` to reference a Kubernetes Secrets variable, where `default` is the namespace of the Secret, `somesecret` is the name of the Secret and `value` is the field of the Secret to access.
```
to emphasize parts that should be substituted

> To obtain the values for the secrets, a request to the API Server is made. To avoid multiple requests for the same secret and to not overwhelm the API Server, a cache to store the values can be used. This configuration can be set by using the variables `cache_*` (see below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To obtain the values for the secrets, a request to the API Server is made. To avoid multiple requests for the same secret and to not overwhelm the API Server, a cache to store the values is used by default. This configuration can be set by using the variables `cache_*` (see below).
```

The provider needs a `kubeconfig` file to establish connection to the Kubernetes API. It can automatically reach the API if it's run in an InCluster environment ({agent} runs as pod).

[source,yaml]
----
providers.kubernetes_secrets:
  #kube_config: /Users/elastic-agent/.kube/config
  #kube_client_options:
  #  qps: 5
  #  burst: 10
  #cache_disable: false
  #cache_refresh_interval: 60s
  #cache_ttl: 1h
  #cache_request_timeout: 5s
----

`kube_config`:: (Optional) Use the given config file as configuration for the Kubernetes client. If `kube_config` is not set, `KUBECONFIG` environment variable will be checked and will fall back to InCluster if it's not present.
`kube_client_options`:: (Optional) Configure additional options for the Kubernetes client. Supported options are `qps` and `burst`. If not set, the Kubernetes client's default QPS and burst settings are used.

> `cache_disable`:: (Optional) To disable the cache for the secrets, and make a request to the API Server every time to obtain the value, set this variable to `true`. To continue using the cache, set the variable to `false`. `false` is the default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cache_disable`:: (Optional) Disables the cache for the secrets. When disabled, thus is set to `true`, code makes a request to the API Server to obtain the value. To continue using the cache, set the variable to `false`. Default is `false`.
```

> `cache_refresh_interval`:: (Optional) Defines the period to update all secret values kept on cache. Defaults to `60s`.
> `cache_ttl`:: (Optional) Defines for how long a secret should be kept on cache if not being requested. The default is `1h`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`cache_refresh_interval`:: (Optional) Defines the period to update all secret values kept in the cache. Defaults to `60s`.
`cache_ttl`:: (Optional) Defines for how long a secret should be kept in the cache if not being requested. The default is `1h`.
```
